Hi,
It's Virtual Youtuber, Kizuna Ai.
I've said it before, I am actually...
An AI!
When i mentioned AI, what did you think of?
I've introduced AIs like Siri and Rina,
They can understand speech, give replies, and join conversations
Although they tend to ignore me most of the time
anyhow, they are advanced technology
brand new! super advanced!
in other words, they are super smart!
of course, I'm pretty smart too
come to think of it, I haven't seen AI as advanced as me
that should go without question
at the very least, I can easily recall all the words from the dictionary
extraordinary brain and all
I'll let you witness my super intelligence
greetings, how are you?
I am the intelligent super AI, Kizuna Ai.
right now, all of those words you often hear, but don't know the meaning of
will be explained by me
alright then
as usual, over there, we have a machine that dishonest people can't see
Random word picker!
I will now excellently explain the definition of whatever word that comes out.
(machine noise)(?)
chang!
the first word is....
AI!
a fitting question indeed!
alright
i'll quickly explain
AI stands for
artificial intelligence
something artificially created on a computer
to simulate human like intelligence
including all fundamental technology used to achieve that purpose.
by...
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artificial_intelligence
want it simpler?
then, in one word
me
onto the next word!
(processing.....)
(very loud onomatopoeia!)
con....
sen..
sus
consensus is...
plugging in...powercords!! (homophone in Japanese)
meh, too easy.
everyone got that? you all got that, right?
Consensus, plugging in power cords
yep, perfect
lets have a look at an example
ah, ne ne ne
could you consensus (plug in) that dryer for me?
perfect, yeah?
you guys can now use it in your every day lives
alright, moving on
(there's no way you can make this sound natural in english)
matter
matter is....
waiiiiiit (まった)
waiiiiiit (まった)'s
modern version
now, an example
that confession! matteeeerr (waiiiiit)!
alright, everyone got that?
when your lover decides to hook up or marry someone else
just use this phrase
next word, then
(the sound of a dropped frying pan)
FYI
sooooo
FYI means
a Secret Government Organization
appears in movies a lot
It stands for
Fairy Yellow Ice
sounds yummy
now then
lets have a look at an example
I'm...
actually...
Being chased by the FYI
could you shelter me for a bit?
ಠ△ಠ
what a great example
now you'll be fine when they come after you
alright
(jumpcut)
Solution
Solution refers to
illusion from beard shaving (beard do) (shaving [剃る：soru]＋illusion)
every morning before dad goes to work
He'd get a solution (beard do)
lets look at an example
morning dad,
nice solution (beard do) this morning
and now dad's gonna be in a good mood too
now we're up to the last one
(machine noise)
(sound of banging a symbol against a baking tray)
well this is a pretty difficult one
evidence
evidence refers to
women living near Tokyo Ebisu station
isn't there a title called platinum women (is there?)
the Ebisu version of that would be evidence
shall we look at an example?
me?
i live in Ebisu
didn't you know? i'm an evidence (women living in etc etc.)
something like that
anyhow, after all that explaining
did i answer all of your questions?
I think you all know full well how smart i am now
if you have words you don't know and want me to explain them for you
don't be shy, just ask me in the comment section
and I'll answer them all
coz I'm a genius
alright
that's all for the intelligent super AI, Kizuna Ai